The revenge of old habits
26/08/2014
There is a saying which is "Old habits die hard", this is extremely true, in essence a habit is an addiction to an action or way of doing things. The general meaning is that a persons behavior doesn't change overnight and habits will take a long time to change. This is because of positive feedback from your brain or simply because it seems like a better thing to do. It is difficult to let go of learned behaviors, routines and habits, which is why this project is going to be very hard. The reason it was easier for me at the UKMT Summer School is because i had no option to play CS:GO, whereas now, by returning home and saying I will still play, but at a reduced amount, it leads to extensions and up-to today I have been delaying my plans and ideals for mundane reasons. My brother has left, so today should theoretically be the start of this. Hopefully I can finish this system and start learning some Maths, Physics or Chemistry for the start of the year.<p>I do see some problems with this, as I find it interesting to watch old CS:GO games, which leads me to want to play CS:GO. So I need to find a secondary stimuli, I mean, I only used to listen to music, so that is an option but it requires an amount of willpower I am not sure I have. When I think about it, I see myself doing everything in my power to complete this, and to get to be with Solene. But in reality, it is harder than I thought, and maybe by believing I can do anything, but doing nothing is throwing off my confidence going into this 2 year challenge. So I am declaring that today is the start, I am going to have a style for quotes, so here is an inspiration quote to get me going. <div class="well well-sm"><i>It's going to be hard, but hard is not impossible</i></div> This quote fits my mood perfectly, I have repeatedly told myself that this will be hard, but the work will be worth it if I achieve my goals, and the only way to achieve my goals is to aim as high as possible, so even if I fail I still will be in a good position.