This could work
28/08/2014
I had a good chat about school and universities with Solene, and it turns out she also want to go to Cambridge in particular which is great for me. We will both be doing the same a levels, and although she wants to do a different course at university the fact that we could be going to the same university is a real incentive. I have no doubts that she will get into Cambridge, as she is doing an extra a level, and seems to be one of the people that do extremely well in school and are motivated to achieve high grades. She most definitely did better than me in her GCSE's so I will have to up my performance to get into Cambridge with her. I wrote up the article I had to for the school voice, the one I had to write so the school would pay for the summer school. I wasn't really sure how to phrase it all, and what to write about, but I did my best. <div class="well well-sm"><i>In august I was invited to attend a highly regarded Maths Summer School run by the UKMT due to my performance in the maths challenge earlier in the year. During the week I attended lectures and activities based around various different aspects of maths, which not only furthered my understanding of concepts I had already learnt at school, but taught new and unfamiliar areas of maths. The lectures took a variety of different formats, with group work, individual work and some in which you were just talked at for the whole session. The lectures all seemed to start at the level we work at in school, but very quickly snowballed into a much higher level of mathematics, for example, the lecture we had on combinatorics started as simply as it could get, then became something which everyone was able to follow, but wouldn't be able to do themselves. This meant that everyone was able to understand a lower level of the more complicated areas, and at least get a taste of the higher level. The week however, was not just full of maths, the people attending were all incredibly friendly and made the social sides of the evenings incredibly enjoyable. We had numerous evening activities, such as a pub quiz in which the answers were all horrible puns of mathematical vocabulary, a boat trip down the Thames and often played cards. The whole week was an opening experience to the many applications of maths, and the complexity of maths that is taught at higher levels.</i></div> I'm still having problems committing to this as I am still playing CS:GO too much. I told people I was in London today to try and stop myself playing, but that didn't stop me from sneaking a quick game in, in the morning.