Removal of obstacles
29/08/2014
No matter how dedicated I feel everyday so far has fell apart due to me being drawn back to play Counter Strike, I have now uninstalled the game, and given my items to my cousin Arjun. This should hopefully stop me wasting so much time on a game which has no real gains, I have only lost time and money from this game, so it is about time I cut my losses and stop procrastinating. I have spent almost £200 on the game and 1348 hours, which is an incredible amount of time and money wasted, especially considering of the £200 that i have spent, only £40 remains in my account, due to losses in betting and my account getting banned. Counter Strike is a great game and I do recommend it to people because the competitive aspect is great, I simply couldn't get to the professional level of play, I may still follow the competitive scene, but that would just be another distraction. I think in addition to those 1348 hours of playing, I have probably spent at least 300-400 hours watching professional games or videos of the game to learn strategies. The strategic element is so inviting and there is so much going on behind the scenes in professional games which is what interested me in it, but it isn't really a viable career path and doesn't really benefit me. So I've probably spent around 1800 hours on Counter Strike if not more. Considering this challenge, with 696 days left, thats 16704 hours, of which 40% will be sleeping which leaves 6681, which 1/3 of that time has been used on cs in the past 2 years. So in the past two years, 1/3 of my time has been playing or watching Counter Strike. This was a massive drain on my schoolwork and what I achieved in my GCSE results. <p>It just means one less distraction which gives me much more time to focus on what I want, and achieving my goals, so I can officially tick off my first goal, which was "Play less CS:GO" because not only am I playing less, I'm simply not playing at all. I did start learning integration yesterday, the whole teaching myself thing is quite hard for me, I don't know where to go for the information and don't really do as much as I should when learning the stuff, so I can't be sure if I fully understand what I learn. I might add some more smaller goals, a good thing would be to have lots more smaller achievable goals to build up and improve my confidence. But I definitely want to start learning French ASAP, I want Solene to tutor me, but can't really ask that until I've learnt the basics, so that is something that I feel I should do soon. I feel as though learning French will require a lot of effort, I've a blog post predicting that with 20 hours a week it would take up-to a year to become fluent, so my aim is to stick to 20 hours a week, and hopefully by this time next year to be fluent in French. I activated a free trial of rocket languages, which lasts 6 days, and buy the full product. Once I reach a certain level of fluency I will stop using tutorials and start letting Solene teach me how to say more things. During the weekdays I play to do 2 hours, and on the weekends and Fridays hopefully I can do 4 hours, although 4 hours on a Friday may be slightly ambitious. I'll also download the lessons onto my iPod to listen to in bed to try and gain any extra time I can.<p>I've also decided on the sleep schedule I'm going to do, it's a segmented sleep pattern, with 2 core sleeps, one from 9:30 to 1:00 and the other from 3:00 to 6:30. This means a total of 7 hours sleep, with a 2 hour period in the night to work. If i do want to try this sleep cycle, then I won't be able to listen to the French lessons on my iPod before bed, but I think the gained time and alertness will benefit more than a little bit of extra French in a half asleep state.